alright welcome everyone standing room
only sports back with you again today
we're going to be reviewing SummerSlam
and my match card predictions again
standing room only sports we're back
after a little bit of a hiatus today to
give you the match predictions on
SummerSlam I got it slotted for 10
matches after this this last week on
Monday Night Raw Triple H announcing
SummerSlam would be four hours long now
some of you might be upset about it some
of you guys might be happy about it it's
giving it that so WrestleMania feel a
little bit with being a four hour
program but let's get it right into it
so the first match to open up SummerSlam
I got Adrian Neville versus Stardust
it's kind of in a recent a little bit of
a few that they had going on some of the
house house shows I think it'd be a good
match and probably a good one to start
off and kick off SummerSlam next up I
got a Divas match I had two divas
matches this year for SummerSlam first
up it's alicia fox vs Becky Lynch vs
Naomi in a triple threat so this is part
of that whole People's Revolution you
got one diva from each you know each
team each trio and it'll be a pretty
good triple threat match next up I got
Rousseff and Cesaro so over the course
of the next 2-3 weeks I'll look for them
to kind of incorporate Cesaro into that
rusev Lana food especially if Dolph
Ziggler does not come back um I think
they'd be a really good match given that
both guys can work very well Rousseff
has the potential of being one of the
best heels on that entire card next up
Randy Orton vs kevin owens a little bit
disappointed with what they're doing
with Kevin Owens because it's kind of
giving me that midcard feel put him in a
program with Randy Orton although it's
going to be a great match not too much
to the story there um next up it's the
Intercontinental title uh we got the Miz
vs The Big Show versus Ryback defended
it in a triple threat match
um this is the gambit I'm going feud
over the last couple months here and a
couple pay-per-view so triple threat
match their next up and I think this is
going to be some type of gimmick match
me personally I'm predicting it to be a
TLC Tables Ladders and Chairs you got
the new day defending their titles
against the prime time players and the
lucha dragons in a triple threat maybe
you cut the lucha dragons out it's just
prime time players in your day still
think it's going to be some type of
gimmick match with there being a TLC
match and you got some great high flyers
de lucha dragons if they were to go into
to TLC match where they could really you
know hit some high spots there next up
is the second Divas match out of the two
that I'm predicting this is for the
Divas title you got Nikki Bella
defending the title against Charlotte
again going with that he was Russian
Revolution team you know they've been
doing two divas matches on Raw lately I
think we'll probably see that especially
with a four hour SummerSlam Charlotte
you know approving the shins a pretty
damn good divas wrestler and I think
they're going to pretty they're going to
invest in building towards this match
now the next match could go one of two
ways it's either going to be at acting
tag team match with Roman reigns and
Dean Ambrose versus the Wyatt family or
they're going to go you know split them
up so the ambrose vs harbor reigns
versus white again and I'm going food
from the last pay-per-view um might
throw a gimmick in there if they split
them up to look sums up a cage match or
maybe Hell in a Cell you know we'll see
in the coming weeks but again potential
of being a pretty solid match 01 of
tubing events and for the next managed
and it's going to be Seth Rollins vs.
john cena they've pretty much teased it
throughout the last few weeks that this
is going to be a you know champion
versus champion type of match I
personally am predicting Seth Rollins to
come out ah victorious but somehow not
when the u.s. title
kind of me like uh you know funny ending
to the match I don't think Cena's going
to win the World title I honestly thinks
Rollins is gonna keep the title to
Wrestlemania but it'll be interesting to
see how they get themselves out of this
one but I see Seth Rollins you know
continuing to get heat in this match um
and then you know retaining the world
title and then last but not least and
obviously this is not really a
prediction it's already been booked you
got Brock Lesnar got my suplex City
t-shirt at Monday Night Raw when it was
in Chicago recently but Brock Lesnar vs
the undertaker it's it's all about the
big names it's not going to be a great
match it's getting very similar probably
to the WrestleMania 30 match today in
New Orleans but nevertheless pretty good
bill to the batch thus far in terms of
what they've done with the few done
wrong and taker versus Lesnar to take a
kind of trying to avenge his ale his one
loss uh you know at WrestleMania that he
to Brock Lesnar and losing the street so
they're gonna have a ten matches some
other bold predictions i'm going to make
depending on what happens this weekend
with ronda rousey um whether she wins or
losses are UFC title match I think that
will have a big impact on whether or not
she uh you know she shows up at
wrestlemania 32 they can't tease that
last year at 31 I think if she wins
pretty good chance that Ronda Rousey
will probably make an appearance at
WrestleMania 32 in some shape or form oh
the rock I am predicting the right to
make an appearance at SummerSlam and if
not the rock they're gonna find some way
to work stinging into this into this
card and kind of build that out to
rustle mania 32 you guys gotta remember
WrestleMania 32 it's in Dallas they're
gonna try to break that attendance
record get over a hundred thousand
jam-packed in there and it's got to be a
stat card strong expecting something big
out of SummerSlam although on paper it
doesn't look great I got a feeling that
arm they're gonna do something to kind
of spicing it up similar to what they
did that battle
we'll bring it tinker back three out of
guys it's been another addition to
standing room only sports SummerSlam
predictions until next time